<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:custom="http://www.businessreach.com/custom"
  xmlns:composite="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/composites" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" template="/templates/base.xhtml">

  <ui:param name="newContent" value="true" />
  <ui:param name="skipHeader" value="true" />
  <ui:define name="title">Membership Confirmation</ui:define>
  <ui:define name="baseContent">
	<p>&nbsp;</p>
		<div class="row-fluid">
           <div class="span12">
           
           	<ol>
				<li><h2>Company information</h2>
					<ol>
						<li>
							<h3>Where are you located?</h3>
							<p>We are based in the San Francisco Bay Area</p></li>
						<li>
							<h3>How can we reach someone in the company?</h3>
							<p>Send us an email. We will respond in no more than 24 hours</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<h3>Are you public?</h3>
							<p>We are privately held, with funding provided by Silicon
								Valley private investors</p></li>
						<li>
							<h3>When will you change from Beta to full service?</h3>
							<p>Stay tuned.</p></li>
					</ol></li>
                <p>&nbsp;</p>
				<li><h2>Why Join BusinessReach?</h2>
					<ol>
						<li>
							<h3>Why should I become a member?</h3>
							<p>Our service is free for individual members, forever! We
								will eventually offer additional services that you can pay to
								enjoy additional benefits from our service platform. However,
								basic membership will always be free of charge</p>
							<p>In BusinessReach, you can find other businesses and
								individuals interested in business that will allow you to
								improve how you deliver goods and services in your company,
								again at no charge to you</p>
						</li>
						<p>&nbsp;</p>
						<li>
							<h3>I am a Reseller, why should my company join
								BusinessReach?</h3>
							<p>Our service platform allows Resellers to find new products
								or suppliers to offer to their customers.</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>Find new Suppliers for new products to sell in your
										regions</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Make your business easy to find by listing your
										locations within BusinessReach as well as the partner finder
										pages of your Distributors and Suppliers, with a single entry.
										If you add a new location, enter once and allow BusinessReach
										to update information across all Distributors and Suppliers</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>if your existing suppliers are in our system, connecting
										with them in BusinessReach enables these Suppliers to provide
										information about their products and services to you in a way
										that greatly simplifies how you manage your business.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</li>
						<p>&nbsp;</p>
						<li>
							<h3>I am a Distributor, why should my company join
								BusinessReach?</h3>
							<p>Our service platform allows Distributors to find new
								products or Suppliers to offer to their customers.</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>If you are seeking to add new Resellers, you can search
										our community of Resellers to invite them to join your
										Distributorship as a formal reseller for the products and
										services you offer.</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Build powerful and easy to update Partner finder pages.
										Since BusinessReach is an online community, each time one of
										your Resellers adds a new location, this information will be
										automatically updated on your partner pages, eliminating
										errors and increasing customer traction.</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Offer Resellers the power of the BusinessReach system to
										send leads, offer product information, run campaigns and
										simplify how they manage their business.</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>If your existing suppliers are in our system, connecting
										with them in BusinessReach enables these Suppliers to provide
										information about their products and services to you in a way
										that greatly simplifies how you manage your business.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</li>
						<p>&nbsp;</p>
						<li>
							<h3>I am a Manufacturer, why should my company join
								BusinessReach?</h3>
							<p>Our service platform allows Manufacturers of products to
								build their distribution networks and bring great efficiencies
								as to how the distribution network performs in marketing and
								selling your products. You can:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>Find new distributors or Resellers from our large
										community</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Search our community to identify highly performing
										Resellers and Distributors based on their profiles, reviews
										and their existing reach to other businesses</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Use our partner management system to invite, recruit and
										manage your partner relationships with Resellers and
										Distributors</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Build powerful and easy to update Partner finder pages.
										Since BusinessReach is an online community, each time one of
										your Resellers adds a new location, this information will be
										automatically updated on your partner pages, eliminating
										errors and increasing customer traction.</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Leverage the lead and product management systems within
										BusinessReach to greatly simplify how you share information
										about your products and send product updates</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If your existing Resellers and Distributors are in our
										system, connecting with them in BusinessReach enables these
										Suppliers to provide information about their products and
										services to you in a way that greatly simplifies how you
										manage your business.</p></li>
								<li>
									<p>Utilize our marketing campaign capabilities to increase
										awareness of your products to Individuals, Buyers, Resellers
										and Distributors</p></li>
							</ul></li>
						<p>&nbsp;</p>
						<li>
							<h3>I am a Service Provider, why should my company join
								BusinessReach?</h3>
							<p>Our service platform allows providers of Services to build
								their distribution networks and bring great efficiencies as to
								how the distribution network performs in marketing and selling
								your services. You can:</p>
							<ul>
								<li><p>Find new distributors or Resellers from our
										large community</p>
								</li>
								<li><p>Search our community to identify highly
										performing Resellers and Distributors based on their profiles,
										reviews and their existing reach to other businesses</p></li>
								<li><p>Use our partner management system to invite,
										recruit and manage your partner relationships with Resellers
										and Distributors</p></li>
								<li><p>Build powerful and easy to update Partner finder
										pages. Since BusinessReach is an online community, each time
										one of your Resellers adds a new location, this information
										will be automatically updated on your partner pages,
										eliminating errors and increasing customer traction.</p></li>
								<li><p>Leverage the lead and product management systems
										within BusinessReach to greatly simplify how you share
										information about your products and send product updates</p></li>
								<li><p>If your existing Resellers and Distributors are
										in our system, connecting with them in BusinessReach enables
										these Suppliers to provide information about their products
										and services to you in a way that greatly simplifies how you
										manage your business.</p></li>
								<li><p>Utilize our marketing campaign capabilities to
										increase awareness of your products to Individuals, Buyers,
										Resellers and Distributors</p></li>
							</ul></li>
						<p>&nbsp;</p>
						<li>
							<h3>My company is already a member of BusinessReach, why
								should I join as a member?</h3>
							<p>Your employer has already made the smart choice to join
								BusinessReach. As an employee, you can take advantage of many
								services on the BusinessReach platform that are offered to your
								company, made available to you. For example, All news coming
								from your Suppliers or Distributors will be automatically send
								to all members of companies in BusinessReach.</p></li>
					</ol></li>
			</ol>
           <p>&nbsp;</p>
           
           </div>
        </div>
		
     </ui:define>
</ui:composition>