<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:custom="http://www.businessreach.com/custom"
  xmlns:composite="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/composites" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" template="/templates/base.xhtml">

  <ui:param name="newContent" value="true" />
  <ui:param name="skipHeader" value="true" />
  <ui:define name="title">About Us</ui:define>
  <ui:define name="baseContent">
	
	    <p>&nbsp;</p>
		<div class="row-fluid">
           <div class="span12">
			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Last
					modified: July 2012</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>There
					are many different ways you can use our services – to search for
					and share information, to communicate with other people or to
					create and exchange new content. When you share information with
					us, for example by creating a user or business profile, we can make
					those services even better – to show you more relevant search
					results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing
					with others quicker and easier. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Our
					Privacy Policy explains:</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>What
						information we collect and why we collect it.</span></li>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>How
						we use that information.</span></li>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>The
						choices we offer, including how to access and update information.</span>
				</li>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Information
						we collect</span> </b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					collect information to provide better services to all of our users
					– from determine where you are located, to more complex things like
					which ads you’ll find most useful or the people who matter most to
					you online.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					collect information in two ways:</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Information

							you give us.</span> </b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>
						For example, our personal and business profiles<a name="_GoBack"></a>
				</span><span style='font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>ask for</span><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"; color: blue'>
					</span> </u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>information
						like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card. If
						you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer,
						we might also ask you to create a publicly visible profile which
						may include your name and photo.</span></li>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Information

							we obtain from your use of our services.</span> </b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>
						We may collect information about the services that you use and how
						you use them, like when you visit the profile of another member or
						business entity, or the services of affiliates on BusinessReach.
						This information includes:</span></li>

				<ul type='circle'>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Device

								information</span> </b></li>

				</ul>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: 1.0in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					may collect device-specific information (such as your device
					manufacturer and model, operating system version, unique device
					identifiers, and mobile network information including phone
					number). BusinessReach may associate your device identifiers or
					phone number with your profile.</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<ul type='circle'>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Log

								information</span> </b></li>

				</ul>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: 1.0in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>When
					you use our services or view content provided by BusinessReach, we
					may automatically collect and store certain information on our
					systems. These may include:</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<ul type='circle'>

					<ul type='square'>

						<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>details

								of how you used our service, such as your search queries.</span></li>

						<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>The

								addresses on the internet (IP Address) from where you have
								connected to our services</span></li>

						<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>cookies

								that may uniquely identify your browser or your BusinessReach
								Account.</span></li>

					</ul>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Location

								information</span> </b></li>

				</ul>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: 1.0in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>When
					you provide detailed information about your location, we may
					correlate this with other information such as IP Addresses to
					further confirm your location.</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<ul type='circle'>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Local

								storage</span> </b></li>

				</ul>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: 1.0in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					may collect and store information (including personal information)
					locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage
					(including HTML 5) and application data caches.</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<ul type='circle'>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
							style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Cookies

								and anonymous identifiers</span> </b></li>

				</ul>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: 1.0in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					use various technologies to collect and store information when you
					visit BusinessReach, and this may include sending one or more
					cookies or other anonymous identifiers on your devices.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>How
						we use information we collect</span> </b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					use the information we collect from all of our services to provide,
					maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to
					protect BusinessReach and our users. We also use this information
					to offer you targeted content </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					may use the name you provide for your BusinessReach Profile across
					all of the services we offer. If other users already have your
					email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them
					your publicly visible BusinessReach Profile information, such as
					your name and photo.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>When
					you contact BusinessReach, we may keep a record of your
					communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may
					use your email address to inform you about our services, such as
					letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					use information collected from cookies to improve your user
					experience and the overall quality of our services. For example, by
					saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our
					services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you
					tailored ads, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous
					identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race,
					religion, sexual orientation or health.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose
					other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>BusinessReach
					may process personal information on our servers in many countries
					around the world. We may process your personal information on a
					server located outside the country where you live.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Information
						you share</span> </b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Most
					of our services allow you to share information with others.
					Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be
					indexable by search engines. Our services provide you with

					different options on sharing and removing your content.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Accessing
						and updating your personal information</span> </b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Whenever
					you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your
					personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to
					give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have
					to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.
					When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify
					your identity before we can act on your request.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require
					disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new
					system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the
					privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Where
					we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for
					free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We
					aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information
					from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after
					you delete information from our services, we may not immediately
					delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove
					information from our backup systems.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Information
						we share</span> </b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					do not share personal information with companies, organizations and
					individuals outside of BusinessReach unless one of the following
					circumstances apply:</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>With
							your consent</span> </b></li>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .5in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					will share personal information with companies, organizations or
					individuals outside of BusinessReach when we have your consent to
					do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of critical
					personal information</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>With
							Business Organization Owners</span> </b></li>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .5in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>If
					your personal profile is associated with a business, and this
					business profile is managed for you by an administrator then your
					administrator will have access to your Personal Profile
					information. Your administrator may be able to:</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<ul type='circle'>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>view

							statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding
							applications you use</span></li>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>suspend
							or terminate your membership to the business organization.</span></li>

				</ul>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .25in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraph'
				style='text-indent: -.25in; line-height: normal'>
				<span style='font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: Symbol'>·<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span> </span><b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>For

						external processing</span> </b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .5in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted
					businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our
					instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any
					other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><b><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>For
							legal reasons</span> </b></li>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .5in; line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					will share personal information with companies, organizations or
					individuals outside of BusinessReach if we have a good-faith belief
					that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is
					reasonably necessary to:</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<ul type='circle'>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>meet
							any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable
							governmental request.</span></li>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>enforce

							applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential

							violations.</span></li>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>detect,

							prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical
							issues.</span></li>

					<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>protect

							against harm to the rights, property or safety of BusinessReach,
							our users or the public as required or permitted by law.</span></li>

				</ul>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					may share aggregated, non personally identifiable information
					publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or
					connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to
					show trends about the general use of our services.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>If
					BusinessReach is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale,
					we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal
					information and give affected users notice before personal
					information is transferred or becomes subject to a different

					privacy policy.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Information

						security</span> </b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					work hard to protect BusinessReach and our users from unauthorized
					access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of
					information we hold. In particular:</span>
			</p>



			<ul type='disc'>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
						encrypt access to certain portions of our services using SSL</span></li>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
						review our information collection, storage and processing
						practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
						unauthorized access to systems.</span></li>

				<li class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
						restrict access to personal information to BusinessReach
						employees, contractors and agents who need to know that
						information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to
						strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be

						disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.</span>
				</li>

			</ul>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Application</span>
				</b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Our
					Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by
					BusinesReach Inc. and its affiliates, including services offered on
					other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes
					services that have separate privacy policies that do not
					incorporate this Privacy Policy.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Our
					Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other
					companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be
					displayed to you in search results, sites that may include
					BusinessReach services, or other sites linked from our services.
					Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of
					other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and
					who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and
					offer relevant ads.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Enforcement</span>
				</b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>We
					regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we
					receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who
					made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate
					regulatory authorities, including local data protection

					authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of
					personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<b><span
					style='font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Changes</span>
				</b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Times New Roman", "serif"'>Our
					Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce
					your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit
					consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and,
					if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent

					notice (including, for certain services, email notification of
					privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this
					Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.</span>
			</p>
			<p>&nbsp;</p>
           </div>
        </div>
		
		
     </ui:define>
</ui:composition>