<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:custom="http://www.businessreach.com/custom"
  xmlns:composite="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/composites" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" template="/templates/base.xhtml">

  <ui:param name="newContent" value="true" />
  <ui:param name="skipHeader" value="true" />
  <ui:define name="title">About Us</ui:define>
  <ui:define name="baseContent">
	
	    <p>&nbsp;</p>
	    
	    <div class="row-fluid">
           <div class="span12">
           
			<p class='MsoNormal' style='line-height: normal'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>This
					BusinessReach User Agreement (the &quot;<u>Agreement</u>&quot;) is
					entered into by and between BusinessReach Inc., a Delaware
					corporation, (&quot;<u>BusinessReach </u>&quot;) and the entity
					agreeing to the terms herein (&quot;<u>Customer</u>&quot;). This

					Agreement governs Customer's access to and use of the Services and
					will be effective as of the Effective Date. This Agreement is
					effective as of the date Customer clicks the &quot;I Accept&quot;
					button during the Services sign up process (the &quot;<u>Effective
						Date</u>&quot;). If you are accepting on behalf of Customer, you
					represent and warrant that: (i) you have full legal authority to
					bind your employer, or the applicable entity, to these terms and
					conditions; (ii) you have read and understand this Agreement; and
					(iii) you agree, on behalf of the party that you represent, to this
					Agreement. If you do not have the legal authority to bind Customer,
					do not click the &quot;I Accept&quot; button. This Agreement
					governs Customer's access to and use of the Services. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.
					<b><u>Customer Obligations</u>
				</b>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpFirst'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<a name="_Ref329526987"><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.1.<span
						style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Compliance</span>
				</u>
				</a><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Customer will use the Services in accordance with the Acceptable
					Use Policy. BusinessReach may make new applications, features or
					functionality for the Services available from time to time, the use
					of which may be contingent upon Customer's agreement to additional
					terms. In addition, BusinessReach will make other Non-BusinessReach

					Apps Products (beyond the Services) available to Customer and its
					End Users in accordance with the Non-BusinessReach Apps Product
					Terms and the applicable product-specific BusinessReach terms of
					service.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Customer

						Administration of the Services</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Customer may specify one or more Administrators through the
					Business Profile who will have the rights to access Admin
					Account(s) and to administer the End User Accounts. Customer is

					responsible for: (a) maintaining the confidentiality of the
					password and Admin Account(s); (b) designating those individuals
					who are authorized to access the Admin Account(s); and (c) ensuring
					that all activities that occur in connection with the Admin
					Account(s) comply with the Agreement. Customer agrees that
					BusinessReach's responsibilities do not extend to the internal
					management or administration of the Services for Customer and that
					BusinessReach is merely a data-processor. Customer agrees that End
					Users may add or purchase third-party applications or services
					(subject to separate terms and conditions) from the BusinessReach
					Apps Marketplace for use in their specific End User Accounts. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>End
						User Consent</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Customer's Administrators may have the ability to access, monitor,
					use, or disclose data available to End Users within the End User

					Accounts. Customer will obtain and maintain all required consents
					from End Users to allow: (i) Customer's access, monitoring, use and
					disclosure of this data and BusinessReach providing Customer with
					the ability to do so and (ii) BusinessReach to provide the
					Services. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.4.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Unauthorized

						Use</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent

					unauthorized use of the Services and to terminate any unauthorized
					use. Customer will promptly notify BusinessReach of any
					unauthorized use of, or access to, the Services of which it becomes
					aware. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.5.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Restrictions

						on Use</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Unless BusinessReach specifically agrees in writing, Customer will
					not, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to make sure a
					third party does not: (a) sell, resell, lease, or the functional
					equivalent, the Services to a third party (unless expressly
					authorized in this Agreement); (b) attempt to reverse engineer the
					Services or any component; (c) attempt to create a substitute or
					similar service through use of, or access to, the Services; (d) use
					the Services for High Risk Activities; or (e) use the Services to
					store or transfer any Customer Data that is controlled for export

					under Export Control Laws. Customer is solely responsible for any
					applicable compliance with HIPAA. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.6.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Third

						Party Requests</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Customer is responsible for responding to Third Party Requests.
					BusinessReach will, to the extent allowed by law and by the terms
					of the Third Party Request: (a) promptly notify Customer of its
					receipt of a Third Party Request; (b) comply with Customer's
					reasonable requests regarding its efforts to oppose a Third Party
					Request; and (c) provide Customer with the information or tools

					required for Customer to respond to the Third Party Request.
					Customer will first seek to obtain the information required to
					respond to the Third Party Request on its own, and will contact
					BusinessReach only if it cannot reasonably obtain such information.
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.7.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Usage

						Policies and Limits</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Customer is permitted a specific number of business organization

					members. Customer shall comply with any additional usage policies
					and limits concerning use of the Service as requested by
					BusinessReach from time to time. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>1.8.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>End
						Users</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.

					Customer agrees that End Users will comply with the Acceptable Use
					Policy and the End User Terms. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpLast'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Fees</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					<br/> The Service is provided at a specific price to Customer
						provided that Customer agrees that BusinessReach may (a) add
						optional services to Customer or its End Users for additional fee
						or (b) offer a free version of the Service for trial purposes.
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Services</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpFirst'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>2.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Facilities

						and Data Transfer</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					All facilities used to store and process Customer Data will adhere
					to reasonable security standards no less protective than the
					security standards at facilities where BusinessReach stores and
					processes its own information of a similar type. BusinessReach has
					implemented at least industry standard systems and procedures to
					ensure the security and confidentiality of Customer Data, protect
					against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity
					of Customer Data, and protect against unauthorized access to or use

					of Customer Data. As part of providing the Services, BusinessReach
					may transfer, store and process Customer Data in the United States
					or any other country in which BusinessReach or its agents maintain
					facilities. By using the Services, Customer consents to this
					transfer, processing and storage of Customer Data. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>2.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Modifications</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .85in; text-indent: -.35in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>2.2.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>To
						the Services</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					BusinessReach shall have the right to change, suspend or

					discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time, without notice.
					If BusinessReach makes a material change to the Services,
					BusinessReach will inform Customer, provided that Customer has
					subscribed with BusinessReach to be informed about such change. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .85in; text-indent: -.35in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>2.2.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>To
						this Agreement</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					BusinessReach reserves the right to change or modify any of the

					terms and conditions contained in this Agreement or any policy
					governing the Service, at any time, by posting the new agreement </span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: blue'>http://www.BusinessReach.com/userAgreement.xhtml</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>
					or such URL as BusinessReach may provide. Customer is responsible
					for regularly reviewing any updates to this Agreement. Any changes
					or modifications to this Agreement will become binding (i) by
					Customer's online acceptance of updated terms, or (ii) after
					Customer's continued use of the Service after such terms have been
					updated by BusinessReach. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>2.3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Ads</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.

					Customer agrees that BusinessReach may serve Ads in connection with
					the Service. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Technical

							Support Services</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					<br/> Customer is responsible for responding to any questions
						and complaints by End Users or other third parties relating to
						Customer or its End Users' use of the Services. BusinessReach will
						make available the Help Center to Customer and its End Users.
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>4.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Suspension</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>4.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Of
						End User Accounts by BusinessReach</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					If BusinessReach becomes aware of an End User's violation of the
					Agreement, then BusinessReach may specifically request that
					Customer Suspend the applicable End User Account. If Customer fails
					to comply with BusinessReach's request to Suspend an End User

					Account, then BusinessReach may do so. The duration of any
					Suspension by BusinessReach will be until the applicable End User
					has cured the breach which caused the Suspension. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>4.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Of

						Services by BusinessReach</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					If Customer fails to make payments for Fees due, BusinessReach will
					have the right to suspend access to all information entered by
					Customer and associated End Users, after 90 calendar days from last

					unpaid Fee due date.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>4.3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Emergency

						Security Issues</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is an Emergency Security

					Issue, then BusinessReach may automatically Suspend the offending
					use. Suspension will be to the minimum extent and of the minimum
					duration required to prevent or terminate the Emergency Security
					Issue.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>5.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Confidential

							Information</span>
				</u>
				</b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>5.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Obligations</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Each party will: (a) protect the other party's Confidential
					Information with the same standard of care it uses to protect its
					own Confidential Information; and (b) not disclose the Confidential
					Information, except to Affiliates, employees and agents who need to
					know it and who have agreed in writing to keep it confidential.
					Each party (and any Affiliates, employees and agents to whom it has
					disclosed Confidential Information) may use Confidential
					Information only to exercise rights and fulfill its obligations
					under this Agreement, while using reasonable care to protect it.
					Each party is responsible for any actions of its Affiliates,
					employees and agents in violation of this Section. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>5.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Exceptions</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.

					Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) the
					recipient of the Confidential Information already knew; (b) becomes
					public through no fault of the recipient; (c) was independently
					developed by the recipient; or (d) was rightfully given to the
					recipient by another party. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>5.3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Required

						Disclosure</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Each party may disclose the other party's Confidential Information
					when required by law but only after it, if legally permissible: (a)

					uses commercially reasonable efforts to notify the other party; and
					(b) gives the other party the chance to challenge the disclosure. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>6.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Intellectual

							Property Rights and Branding</span>
				</u>
				</b>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>6.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Intellectual

						Property Rights</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement does not grant
					either party any rights, implied or otherwise, to the other's
					content or any of the other's intellectual property. As between the
					parties, Customer owns all Intellectual Property Rights in Customer
					Data, and BusinessReach owns all Intellectual Property Rights in
					the Services. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>6.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Display

						of Brand Features</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					BusinessReach may display those Customer Brand Features authorized
					by Customer (such authorization is provided by Customer uploading

					its Brand Features into the Services) within designated areas of
					the Service Pages. Customer may specify the nature of this use
					using the Settings Pages. BusinessReach may also display
					BusinessReach Brand Features on the Service Pages to indicate that
					the Services are provided by BusinessReach. Neither party may
					display or use the other party's Brand Features beyond what is
					allowed in this Agreement without the other party's prior written
					consent. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<a name="_Ref329527003"><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>6.3.<span
						style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Brand
							Features Limitation</span>
				</u>
				</a><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Any use of a party's Brand Features will inure to the benefit of
					the party holding Intellectual Property Rights in those Brand
					Features. A party may revoke the other party's right to use its
					Brand Features pursuant to this Agreement with written notice to
					the other and a reasonable period to stop the use.</span><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>7.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Use
							of Branding in Marketing</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					<br/> Customer agrees that BusinessReach may include Customer's
						name or Brand Features in a list of BusinessReach customers,
						online or in promotional materials. Customer also agrees that
						BusinessReach may verbally reference Customer as a customer of the
						BusinessReach products or services that are the subject of this

						Agreement. This section is subject to Section 
				</span><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>6.3</span><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Brand

					Features Limitation).</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>8.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Representations,

							Warranties and Disclaimers</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>8.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Representations

						and Warranties</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Each party represents that it has full power and authority to enter
					into the Agreement. Each party warrants that it will comply with
					all laws and regulations applicable to its provision, or use, of
					the Services, as applicable (including applicable security breach
					notification law). </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>8.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Disclaimers</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT AS
					EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY OTHER
					WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
					OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF

					MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
					BUSINESSREACH MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT ANY CONTENT OR
					INFORMATION MADE ACCESSIBLE BY OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. CUSTOMER
					ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SERVICES ARE NOT A TELEPHONY SERVICE AND THAT
					THE SERVICES ARE NOT CAPABLE OF PLACING OR RECEIVING ANY CALLS,
					INCLUDING EMERGENCY SERVICES CALLS, OVER PUBLICLY SWITCHED
					TELEPHONE NETWORKS. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>9.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Termination</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>9.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>By

						Customer</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Customer may discontinue use of the Service at any time.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>9.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>By
						BusinessReach</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.

					Customer agrees that BusinessReach may at any time and for any
					reason terminate this Agreement and/or terminate the provision of
					all or any portion of the Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
					BusinessReach will provide at least thirty (30) days notice to
					Customer prior to terminating or suspending the Service; provided
					that the Service may be terminated immediately if (i) Customer has
					breached this Agreement or (ii) BusinessReach reasonably determines
					that it is commercially impractical to continue providing the

					Service in light of applicable laws. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>9.3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Effects

						of Termination</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					If this Agreement terminates, then: (i) the rights granted by one
					party to the other will cease immediately (except as set forth in
					this Section); (ii) BusinessReach will provide Customer access to,
					and the ability to export, the Customer Data for a commercially
					reasonable period of time; and (iii) after a commercially
					reasonable period of time, BusinessReach will delete Customer Data
					by removing pointers to it on BusinessReach's active servers and

					overwriting it over time.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>10.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Indemnification</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					<br/> Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
						BusinessReach from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs
						(including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees)
						arising out of a third party claim: (i) regarding Customer Data or
						Customer Domain Names; (ii) that Customer Brand Features infringe
						or misappropriate any patent, copyright, trade secret or trademark
						of a third party; or (iii) regarding Customer's use of the
						Services in violation of the Acceptable Use Policy. The party
						seeking indemnification will promptly notify the other party of
						the claim and cooperate with the other party in defending the
						claim. The indemnifying party has full control and authority over

						the defense, except that: (a) any settlement requiring the party
						seeking indemnification to admit liability or to pay any money
						will require that party's prior written consent, such consent not
						to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and (b) the other party
						may join in the defense with its own counsel at its own expense. 
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>11.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Limitation

							of Liability</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>11.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Limitation
						on Indirect Liability</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUES
					OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
					PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT
					SUCH DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF DIRECT DAMAGES DO NOT

					SATISFY A REMEDY. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>11.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Limitation
						on Amount of Liability</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					NEITHER PARTY MAY BE HELD LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR MORE THAN
					ONE THOUSAND FICE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($1500 USD). </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>11.3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Exceptions
						to Limitations</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					These limitations of liability apply to the fullest extent
					permitted by applicable law but do not apply to breaches of
					confidentiality obligations, violations of a party's Intellectual

					Property Rights by the other party, or indemnification obligations.
					<a name="_GoBack"></a>
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Other</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.1.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Notices</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Unless specified otherwise herein: (a) all notices must be in

					writing and addressed to the attention of the other party's legal
					department and primary point of contact; and (b) notice will be
					deemed given: (i) when verified by written receipt if sent by
					personal courier, overnight courier, or when received if sent by
					mail without verification of receipt; or (ii) when verified by
					automated receipt or electronic logs if sent by facsimile or email.
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.2.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Assignment</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Neither party may assign or transfer any part of this Agreement
					without the written consent of the other party, except to an
					Affiliate, but only if: (a) the assignee agrees in writing to be
					bound by the terms of this Agreement; and (b) the assigning party
					remains liable for obligations incurred under the Agreement prior
					to the assignment. Any other attempt to transfer or assign is void.
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.3.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Change
						of Control</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Upon a change of control (for example, through a stock purchase or
					sale, merger, or other form of corporate transaction): (a) the
					party experiencing the change of control will provide written
					notice to the other party within thirty days after the change of

					control; and (b) the other party may immediately terminate this
					Agreement any time between the change of control and thirty days
					after it receives the written notice in subsection (a). </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.4.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Force
						Majeure</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Neither party will be liable for inadequate performance to the
					extent caused by a condition (for example, natural disaster, act of
					war or terrorism, riot, labor condition, governmental action, and

					Internet disturbance) that was beyond the party's reasonable
					control. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.5.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>No
						Waiver</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not
					constitute a waiver. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.6.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Severability</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					If any provision of this Agreement is found unenforceable, the
					balance of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.7.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>No
						Agency</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					The parties are independent contractors, and this Agreement does
					not create an agency, partnership or joint venture. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.8.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>No
						Third-Party Beneficiaries</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.9.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Equitable
						Relief</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Nothing in this Agreement will limit either party's ability to seek
					equitable relief. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.10.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Governing
						Law</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					This Agreement is governed by California law, excluding that
					state's choice of law rules. FOR ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR
					RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL
					JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE COURTS IN SANTA
					CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.11.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Amendments</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					Any amendment must be in writing and expressly state that it is
					amending this Agreement. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.12.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Survival</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					The following sections will survive expiration or termination of

					this Agreement: Sections 6 (Confidentiality), 7 (Intellectual
					Property; Brand Features), 9 (Representations, Warranties and
					Disclaimers), 10 (Termination), 11 (Indemnification), 12
					(Limitation of Liability), and 13 (Miscellaneous). </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.13.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Entire
						Agreement</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					This Agreement, and all documents referenced herein, is the
					parties' entire agreement relating to its subject and supersedes
					any prior or contemporaneous agreements on that subject. The terms
					located at a URL and referenced in this Agreement are hereby

					incorporated by this reference.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle'
				style='margin-left: .55in; text-indent: -.3in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>12.14.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

				</span>
				</span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Interpretation
						of Conflicting Terms</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.
					If there is a conflict between the documents that make up this
					Agreement, the documents will control in the following order: the
					Agreement, and the terms located at any URL.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoListParagraphCxSpLast'
				style='margin-left: .25in; text-indent: -.25in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>13.<span
					style='font: 7.0pt "Times New Roman"'> </span>
				</span><b><u><span
						style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>Definitions</span>
				</u>
				</b><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>.</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Acceptable

						Use Policy</u>&quot;. means the acceptable use policy for the Services

					available at </span><a
					href="http://www.BusinessReach.com/docs/standard_terms.html"><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"'>http://www.BusinessReach.com/docs/standard_terms.html</span>
				</a><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>
					or such other URL as may be provided by BusinessReach. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Admin

						Account(s)</u>&quot;. means the administrative account(s) provided to
					Customer by BusinessReach for the purpose of administering the
					Services. The use of the Admin Account(s) requires a password,
					which BusinessReach will provide to Customer. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Administrators</u>&quot;.

					mean the Customer-designated technical personnel who administer the
					Services to End Users on Customer's behalf. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Ads</u>&quot;.

					means online advertisements displayed by BusinessReach to End
					Users. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Affiliate</u>&quot;.

					means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is
					controlled by, or is under common control with a party. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Brand

						Features</u>&quot;. means the trade names, trademarks, service marks,
					logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features of each
					party, respectively, as secured by such party from time to time. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Confidential

						Information</u>&quot;. means information disclosed by a party to the
					other party under this Agreement that is marked as confidential or
					would normally be considered confidential under the circumstances.
					Customer Data is Customer's Confidential Information. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Customer

						Data</u>&quot;. means data, including email, provided, generated,
					transmitted or displayed via the Services by Customer or End Users.
				</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Emergency

						Security Issue</u>&quot;. means either: (a) Customer's use of the
					Services in violation of the Acceptable Use Policy, which could
					disrupt: (i) the Services; (ii) other customers' use of the
					Services; or (iii) the BusinessReach network or servers used to
					provide the Services; or (b) unauthorized third party access to the
					Services. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>End

						Users</u>&quot;. means the individuals Customer permits to use the
					Services. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>End

						User Account</u>&quot;. means a BusinessReach-hosted account
					established by the End User and transferred into the Customer or
					through the Services for an End User. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>End

						User Terms</u>&quot;. means those terms located at the following URL:
				</span><a href="http://www.BusinessReach.com/docs/user_terms.html"><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"'>http://www.BusinessReach.com/docs/user_terms.html</span>
				</a><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>,
					or such other URL as BusinessReach may provide. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Export

						Control Laws</u>&quot;. means all applicable export and reexport
					control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration
					Regulations (&quot;EAR&quot;) maintained by the U.S. Department of
					Commerce, tradeand economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury
					Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the
					International Traffic in Arms Regulations (&quot;ITAR&quot;)

					maintained by the Department of State. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Help

						Center</u>&quot;. means the BusinessReach help center accessible at </span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: blue'>http://www.BusinessReach.com/support/</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>,
					or other such URL as BusinessReach may provide. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>High

						Risk Activities</u>&quot;. means uses such as the operation of nuclear

					facilities, air traffic control, or life support systems, where the
					use or failure of the Services could lead to death, personal
					injury, or environmental damage. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>HIPAA</u>&quot;.

					means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
					1996, as may be amended from time to time, and any regulations
					issued thereunder. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Intellectual

						Property Rights</u>&quot;. means current and future worldwide rights
					under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law,
					moral rights law, and other similar rights. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Non-BusinessReach

						Apps Products</u>&quot;. means BusinessReach products which are not
					part of the Services, but which may be accessed by End Users using
					their End User Account login and password. The Non-BusinessReach
					Apps Products are set forth at the following URL </span><u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: blue'>http://www.BusinessReach.com/support/Services</span>
				</u><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>
					or such other URL as BusinessReach may provide. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Non-BusinessReach

						Apps Product Terms</u>&quot;. means the terms found at the following
					URL: </span><a
					href="http://www.BusinessReach.com/support/additional_services.html"><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"'>http://www.BusinessReach.com/support/additional_services.html</span>
				</a><span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>,
					or such other URL as BusinessReach may provide. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Notification

						Email Address</u>&quot;. means the email address designated by
					Customer to receive email notifications from BusinessReach.
					Customer may change this email address through their Settings
					Pages. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>SDN

						List</u>&quot;. is the US Treasury Department's List of Specially
					Designated Nationals. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Setting

						Pages</u>&quot;. means the online tool provided by BusinessReach to
					Customer for use in reporting and certain other administration
					functions. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Service

						Pages</u>&quot;. mean the web pages displaying the Services to End
					Users. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Services</u>&quot;.

					means those services offered on the BusinessReach system. These
					services may change time to time. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Suspend</u>&quot;.

					means the immediate disabling of access to the Services, or
					components of the Services, as applicable, to prevent further use
					of the Services. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Term</u>&quot;.

					means the term of the Agreement, which will begin on the Effective
					Date and continue until the earlier of: (i) the end of the last
					Services Term or (ii) the Agreement is terminated as set forth
					herein. </span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&nbsp;</span>
			</p>



			<p class='MsoNormal' style='margin-left: .75in; line-height: 14.25pt'>
				<span
					style='font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: "Arial", "sans-serif"; color: black'>&quot;<u>Third

						Party Request</u>&quot;. means a request from a third party for
					records relating to an End User's use of the Services. Third Party
					Requests can be a lawful search warrant, court order, subpoena,
					other valid legal order, or written consent from the End User
					permitting the disclosure. </span>
			</p>
           
           </div>
        </div>
		
		<p>&nbsp;</p>
		
     </ui:define>
</ui:composition>