<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" 
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:custom="http://www.businessreach.com/custom"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	template="/templates/basemenulayout.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="title">Business Reach Home</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="centerContent">
	
	<p:outputPanel id="businessEmbeddedPortalSettingsPanel" layout="block">
	  <p:panel>
	  
	   <h1><p:graphicImage id="embeddedPortalHelp" value="/images/monoicons/helpMessageIcon32.jpg" style="float: left; margin-right: 10px;"/>
        Embedding BusinessReach Partner Search into a web site</h1>
      <p>BusinessReach Partner Search enable BusinessReach members who have signed up for Business 
      profiles to embed two powerful features into their own web sites. These features enable businesses to setup partner
      search pages simply by adding several lines of HTML into their web site. All information on the 
      web site is then dynamically updated from the partner network set up on Business Reach.</p>

      <p>Follow the simple steps below to set up Partner Search:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Find your search wizards URLs under
          Account &rrar; Embedded Portal Settings. Note that these
          URLs are unique to each Business Profile set up on
          BusinessReach.

        </li>
        <li>Select the Embedded Search URL and copy it onto
          your clipboard.</li>
        <li>Validate your URL by pasteing it into your browser
          URL box. You should see a form similar to below:
          <p style="text-align: center; background-color: #bed6f8; padding: 10px">
          <p:graphicImage id="example" value="/images/embedded/help/search-example.png"/>
          </p>
          </li>
        <li>If you do not see this page, go back to copy the
          URL again or contact BusinessReach support at <a
          href="support@businessreach-inc.com">support@businessreach-inc.com</a>
          and provide your business email address as registered in
          BusinessReach.

        </li>
        <li>Copy the HTML below, and replace the text YOUR URL
          HERE with your copied URL. You may modify the <b>width</b>
          and <b>height</b> fields to match the page on your site. 
            <p style="background-color: #bed6f8; padding: 10px"><b><code>
              &lt;iframe width="950" height="700" src="YOUR URL HERE"
                frameborder="0" scrolling="auto"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;
            </code></b></p>

        </li>
        <li>Embed the updated HTML from above into your web
          site, to an area where there is a large open space.</li>
        <li>Update your web site with the new HTML.</li>
        <li>Test the embedded page. You should see the image
          above again.</li>
      </ol>
    </p:panel>
	</p:outputPanel>
	
	</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="leftNavigationBar">
		<ui:include src="/component/leftNavigationBar.xhtml" />
	</ui:define>
	
</ui:composition>